[Music]
hey guys I'm here Tasha green I'm so
excited to have all my time I'm finding
I'm always mentioning Tasha as well and
I'm like check around Tasha is amazing
you have to Oh leave her link down below
her channel is amazing in Our Stars
amazing we're in Australia and like this
is kind of what's happening we thought
that we'd do a styling kind of video
styling some outfits and like we've been
we've got some clothes while we've been
here so we thought that we'd do we look
bang I think we're both be doing a haul
as well so look out for that as well
and yep so I hope you guys will like
this video
[Applause]
[Music]
I hope you guys liked that video and
again I'll link her channel down below
and - and thank you so much for watching
thank you I want you to say something
that's are you it also we've been
vlogging while we're here like every day
so check that out on our vlog channels I
put it all down there
[Music]
you